Constitution of Class (I) Personal Beneficial Unit Series.

THIS CONSTITUTION OF CLASS, is made this TWENTY-THIRD DAY OF APRIL, in the year 
TWO THOUSAND EIGHTEEN, and arises from the DECLARATION OF TRUST of the 
COLLECTIVE DATA TRUST.

WHEREAS:
The Creation of this Class, under the Article 2, Section 2.B and 2.B.1 of the  
Declaration of Trust, 

HEREBY: 

This Constitution of Class (I) a Individual Digital Assets Trust, which shall 
be known as Personal Beneficial Unit Series, and shall be governed by the 
following articles and sections. 

Section C-1-A:        Class (I) Beneficial Unit Series, and dependent accounts, 
and the deposited property including related assets shall be governed by the 
dispositions of the Declaration of Trust in general, and by this Constitution 
of Class in particular.

Section C-1-A.1:        Each Beneficial Unit of this series shall belong to a 
specific Beneficiary. No Beneficiary can have more than one Beneficial Unit of 
this Class, nor can have less than one Beneficial Unit, nor can own fractions 
of other Beneficial Units.

Section C-1-A.2:        Each Beneficial Unit of this series shall entitle the 
beneficiary to a parallel beneficial unit of Class (II) Collective Beneficial 
Unit Series, but each class shall be submitted to its own regulation, and the 
rights allowed in one class can not be enforced in a different class.

Section C-1-A.3:        Each Beneficial Unit on this Class (I) Individual 
Beneficial Unit Series shall have equals rights but different valuations. Being 
the value of each beneficial Unit proportional to the value of monetizable 
assets of each Unit, and such value should be expressed in the format of the 
Internal Value Metric Unit (CDC), and translated to the reference currency.

Section C-1-A.4:        Under Class (I) Individual Beneficial Unit Series, each 
beneficiary, has the right to individually agree or disagree, customize and 
review the settlement agreement, and all Beneficial Units of this Class shall 
be entitled to the same rights, independently of each other, but the units 
under Class (I) Individual Beneficial Unit Series shall have no voting rights 
at the general assembly of beneficiaries of the Trust.

Section C-1-A.5:        For this Class (I) Individual Beneficial Unit Series, 
each beneficial unit is meant to be settled with digital assets, data and 
information, to be considered the “deposited property”, and such assets 
shall be valuated by the Trust according to Article 4 of the Declaration of 
Trust, and should be managed and submitted under trustee’s or adviser’s 
best criteria to different monetization processes aligned with the trust’s 
objectives, in order to obtain benefits for the Beneficiary owner of such 
Beneficial Unit, under the terms and conditions that the beneficiary has 
established in the settlement agreement or the placement memorandum, or the 
subscription agreement.

Section C-1-A.6:        Class (I) Individual Beneficial Units account(s) can be 
self managed by the beneficiary, who will assume all liabilities that would 
otherwise remain over the Trustee or the advisers; And the trust, through its 
companies will provide the tools and elements it considers necessary for the 
Beneficiary to generate, collect and monetize its own digital assets.

Section C-1-A.7:        The assets that will be admitted to settle the 
beneficial units are digital assets, data and information, provided by the 
Beneficiary, to be considered the deposited property, and to be treated as 
exchangeable commodity on current spot or future markets.

Section C-1-A.8:        Each beneficiary herein represents that he is the sole 
owner of his Beneficial Unit and related account(s) and that no other person, 
except as disclosed herein, has any interest therein.

Section C-1-A.9:        Each beneficiary represents that the property deposited 
into his Beneficial Unit and related account(s) are of its own and that no 
property from any other person or entity will be deposited into his Individual 
Beneficial Unit related account(s).

Section C-1-A.10:        The Collective Data Trust is relying on the 
representations contained herein with regard to the manner in which the Trust 
will carry the account of each beneficiary, and therefore, each beneficiary 
agrees to notify immediately in writing to the trustee, in the event that the 
declared circumstances of any supplemental deed has changed, and the lack of 
veracity from the beneficiary, will remove him from any right over the 
beneficial unit

Section C-1-B:        Class (I) Personal Beneficial Unit Series, Assets 
Management.
Each Unit of Class (I) Personal Beneficial Unit, shall be settled, managed, 
accounted and booked according to provisions of the Declaration of Trust, with 
the following accounts and management rules.

Section C-1-B.1:        The title of the Class (I) Personal Beneficial Unit is 
not transferable, yet the rights to receive benefits and to withdraw form 
allowed accounts can be assigned to third parties by the beneficiary, with the 
acceptance of the Trustee.

Section C-1-B.2:        The assets to integrate a Beneficial Unit of this 
class, shall be of the following nature, but not limited to, valuable digital 
property according to the criteria of the trustee, such as data and 
information, actively provided by the user, or passively generated by him and 
captured by the trust, and each beneficiary’s individual data about 
beneficiary’s interaction with internet-connected products and services. The 
Integration of assets shall occur under the terms established by the 
Beneficiary for himself, established under the subsequent Settlement Agreement, 
Placement Memorandum, or Subscription Agreement.

Section C-1-B.3:        Valuation of the assets used to settle Class (I) 
Personal Beneficial Units shall be given according to Article 4 of the Master 
Declaration of Trust, and by measuring the digital assets, over size or 
quantity and/or quality, according to assets’ valuation, generally accepted 
practices. Corrections and improvements to the formulas and methods used to 
assign value to digital assets might arise as a consequence of data and 
experience obtained from execution of the trust's missions.

Section C-1-B.4:        Assets on this Class (I) Individual Beneficial Unit’s 
Account(s) shall be considered as commodities (digital commodities), belonging 
to each beneficiary, taken into deposit account by the trust, to be managed, 
monetized, traded, invested or reinvested, in order to generate exchange value 
and profit, which shall be later distributed in favor of the beneficiary, 
according to regulation of such class.

Section C-1-B.5:        Collective Data Trust (CDT) has the sole and absolute 
discretion and the right to limit placements and positions in Beneficiary’s 
account(s), to decline to accept any orders and to require that the account(s) 
be liquidated according to law.

Section C-1-B.6:        The Trustee will establish the specific account needs 
for assets management processes, in order to better manage the assets and 
isolate liabilities. These accounts will be executed according to the 
declaration of trust, this constitution of class and the supplemental deeds, by 
the trustee on behalf of each beneficiary, and cannot be used for different 
processes than assets management under the Trust. These accounts shall be 
separated of any services account on any platform of the trust.

Section C-1-B.7:        The trust will perform research and analytics from 
existing data as a basis for using data to reduce risk, enhance product 
development or performance, or improve Beneficiary’s experience or business 
outcomes.

Section C-1-B.8:        Beneficiaries shall be the central point of control for 
their data and information. The user's data attributes being managed by the 
Trust may be stored locally at Beneficiary’s own facilities, in a co-located 
repository, or they may be stored in multiple external distributed 
repositories, or a combinations of such. Attributes from a partitioned data set 
may be accessed via an application programing interface according to 
permissions established by the Beneficiary at the settlement agreement of its 
Beneficial Unit.

Section C-1-B.9:        Beneficial Unit’s instance may be allowed to 
selectively share sets of attributes with other Units according to Trustee’s 
criteria, as they represent a change in Assets Values and metrics and imply 
transferences of data among accounts.

Section C-1-B.10:        The trust will pursuit the increase of value and 
utility of the data and its sources, by analyzing its own data and the data 
deposited into the Beneficial Units against traditional databases exploring the 
potential to mine data for social good, research, discovery and development, 
and achievement of the trust’s objectives.

Section C-1-B.11:        The trust will engage the Beneficiary in transactions 
that submits the assets to data monetization models, which can be self-directed 
or set for automatic implementation.

Section C-1-B.12:        Unless specific reasons for which an individual could 
actually create data for someone else as being someone else the owner of such 
data, including contracts reasons and the law. The Owner of a Individual 
Beneficial Unit is a data creator who generates assets through his own efforts 
or owns a device such as a sensor or computing unit with a proper license that 
generates data, and therefore he has credits on the data creation.

Section C-1-B.13:        The business entity that generates data out of 
individuals, capturing data through their systems and platforms, has the right 
to benefit from such data, but not in disregard of the rights of such 
individuals.

Section C-1-B.14:        Collective Data Trusts will develop the tools for the 
Beneficiary to implement vendor relationship management concepts regarding the 
data he provides to different platforms, challenging corporate cooptation of 
data without compensation.

Section C-1-B.15:        Collective Data Trust will generate income for the 
Beneficial Unit, through applying the digital assets to data monetization or 
trading processes under Beneficiary’s approved conditions, established on the 
settlement agreement, and through the development, deployment and execution of 
data centric products, ideas, or services.

Section C-1-B.16:        Any deposited property under this class, belonging to 
a Beneficiary, held by the Trust or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates or 
carried in any of Beneficiary’s account(s) shall be subject to a general lien 
and security interest for the discharge of Beneficiary’s obligations with the 
Trust, wherever or however arising and without regard to whether or not CDT has 
made advances with respect to such property, and the Trust is hereby authorized 
to sell and/or purchase any and all such property without notice to satisfy 
such general lien and security interest. The Beneficiary irrevocably appoints 
The Trustee as the attorney-in-fact with power of substitution to execute any 
documents for the perfection or registration of such general lien and security 
interest. 

Section C-1-C:        Class (I) Personal Beneficial Unit’s Digital Assets’ 
Integration.        
The trust will provide to its Beneficiaries with a specialized storage 
architecture, designed to hold data extracted from Beneficiary’s interactions 
with internet-connected products and services or transaction systems, and 
external sources; To then combine that data in an aggregate summary form, with 
suitable data analysis and reporting services, for monetization purposes.

Section C-1-C.1:        The trust will provide to the Beneficiary the tools 
needed to start sourcing out data, setting up the mechanism for automating data 
sources, enabling data extraction and conversion, and set-up by itself or third 
party, the data storage management system and administration, and the business 
intelligence tools, to help maximize benefits out of the monetization system. 
Such tools will allow the Beneficiary to integrate his digital assets into 
Beneficial Units, in such ways including but without limitation to:

Section C-1-C.2:        Identity and access management (IAM) for the unit, to 
control and monitor information about users and devices associated with such 
unit. Such information includes information that authenticates the identity of 
a Beneficiary, and data that describes information and actions they are 
authorized to access and/or perform on the platform. It shall also include the 
management of descriptive information about the user and how and by whom that 
information can be accessed and modified.

Section C-1-C.3:        Whenever the trustee considers, at its sole discretion, 
that is on the best interest of the Trust and the Beneficiaries, the platform 
shall allow each Beneficiary to individually store, manage and deploy his 
digital assets and other data in a highly secure and structured way following 
Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) and National 
Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) guidelines on protecting personal 
identifying information (PII), and until such conditions are met, the Trustee 
can determine that the beneficial units will be stored locally at the 
beneficiaries storage device, or in a third party provider storage facility. 
The Beneficiary will set up the conditions to access the data on the Settlement 
Agreement. The Storage Policies shall be approved by the Data Compliance 
Officer.

Section C-1-C.4:        Collective Data Trust will establish the codification 
of identity names and attributes of a Beneficial Unit’s instance in a way 
that facilitates processing and monetization.

Section C-1-C.5:        The Trust will facilitate the identification of 
available data sources that could be provided by the Beneficiary, this includes 
data currently available for monetization as well as other external data 
sources that may enhance the value of the assets currently available for such 
beneficial unit.

Section C-1-C.6:        The Trust will connect, aggregate, attribute, validate, 
authenticate, and exchange data, and automate the previously described process 
to allow data to be converted directly into actionable or revenue generating 
services, or exchangeable data to be generated and traded passively on behalf 
of the beneficiary.

Section C-1-C.7:        The Trust will set the terms and prices to facilitate 
data trading, and development of exchangeable value through products based on 
methods for data vetting, storage, and access. CDT’s strategy recognizes data 
as an evolving asset, living and growing within a living environment, and NOT 
as a static asset that depreciates in value.

Section C-1-C.8:        The platform may provide mechanisms in order to help 
the Beneficiary to monetize his digital assets under self-managed, supervised, 
or automated accounts.

Section C-1-C.9:        The trust will enable Data Processing Platforms for the 
digital assets to be integrated into a beneficial unit.

Section C-1-C.10:        The Beneficial Unit will pull in data from a wide 
array of sources, and will integrate the data into a unified stream, and make 
it accessible through an application programming interface (API) regulated as 
the Beneficiary’s own terms established in the Settlement Agreement, 
Placement Memorandum or Subscription agreement.

Section C-1-C.11:        The trust will enable Data Creation Platforms, that 
will allow the Beneficiaries to increase the value of their Beneficial Units, 
and create data on demand in order to be monetized.

Section C-1-C.12:        The trust will apply to the assets of the Beneficial 
Units, such business intelligence technologies including but not limited to 
reporting, on-line analytical processing, analytics, data mining, process 
mining, complex event processing, activity performance management, 
benchmarking, text mining, predictive analytics and prescriptive analytics, to 
help identify, develop and otherwise create new strategic opportunities for 
assets monetization. Identifying new opportunities and implementing an 
effective strategy based on insights can provide the Trust with a competitive 
market advantage and long-term stability.

Section C-1-C.13:        The Trustee, and the trust, through itself or through 
third party shall procure the development and execution of architectures, 
policies, practices and procedures that properly manage the full data 
life-cycle needs of a Beneficial Unit.

Section C-1-C.14        The Trust will work to increase Beneficiary’s 
Beneficial Unit’s value, by collecting directly or indirectly, or by third 
party, any information about Beneficiaries from public records and private 
sources including but not limited to census and change of address records, 
motor vehicle and driving records, user-contributed material to social 
networking sites, media and court reports, voter registration lists, consumer 
purchase histories, bank card transaction records, health care authorities, and 
web browsing histories, and the beneficiary authorizes the trust to do so, 
since the results of such monetization, once applied if such, shall be 
distributed to his Beneficial Unit.

Section C-1-4.D:        Class (I) Personal Beneficial Unit’s Digital 
Assets’ Valuation.
The assets integrated into the Beneficial Unit’s Capital Asset Account shall 
be valuated, according to the Assets Valuation Formula (AVF), established on 
“Appendix: CDT/MD/CC/C1/A1”, and according to the following rules.

Section C-1-D.1:        The Assets Valuation Formula is a specific set of 
calculations applied to a specific set of data, with the intention to establish 
a quantification of the value of the assets, into a specific value metric unit, 
at any given time. The formula for such calculations shall be established by 
the trustee, and shall be form time to time amended, adapted and modified by 
the trustee at its sole discretion, to better suit the system development in 
the best interest of the trust. Modifications on the Assets Valuation Formula 
can also be proposed to the trustee by the assembly of of beneficiaries, or by 
the board of advisers.

Section C-1-D.2:        Changes in valuation Formula shall affect all units of 
a Class, in a given way that the proportions of interest in the total assets of 
a class shall not be unfairly modified by the sole action of the new formula 
implementation.

Section C-1-D.3:        Data and other digital assets to be valuated will be 
measured in the abstract quality conditions of the data entered, collected or 
submitted, requiring the data to pass a set of quality criteria, including but 
not limited to Validity, Accuracy, Completeness, Consistency, Uniformity, as 
described on the Settlement Agreement or Placement Memorandum, and after the 
quality of data have being qualified under the previously mentioned criteria, 
it will be submitted for measurement and translated into Internal Value Metric 
Unit (GDC), and then, expressed in the reference currency.

Section C-1-D.4:        Minimum Monetizable Data Unit refers to the minimum set 
of attributes of specific type of data, in order to be usable in an average 
monetization process, and such value and/or its requirements shall be 
established by the Trustee, and updated from time to time, according to the 
evolution of operations. The values and formulas to establish Min.Dat shall be 
published by the Trust, and annexed as an appendix, forming part of this 
declaration, together with any amendments. Current version of Min.Dat is 
published always as evolution of “Appendix: CDT/MD/CC/C1/A2”

Section C-1-D.5:        Internal Value Metric Unit (CDC). CDC is a reference 
value, that represents the liquidation of the average money value of a Minimum 
Monetizable Data Unit after monetization with deducted cost. The formula to 
establish CDC, shall be published by the Trust, and updated from time to time 
by the trustee, according to the evolution of operations and annexed as an 
appendix, forming part of this declaration, together with any amendments. 
Current version is published always as evolution of “Appendix: 
CDT/MD/CC/C1/A3”

Section C-1-D.6:        The Trustee can request or invite the community of 
beneficiaries to participate in the development of the formulas for valuation. 
Such request will not be binding to the Beneficiary to participate, and such 
development proposals from Beneficiaries shall not be binding to the trustees 
to implement.

Section C-1-D.7:        Class (I) Personal Beneficial Units Series shall have 
on the Trust books the following accounts, without obstacle for the trustee to 
start new accounts for this class. These Accounts are for the sole purpose of 
Assets Management Accounts and are not related to any service account on the 
platforms. These accounts shall be known as (Account C-1-E.1) Capital Asset 
Account; (Account C-1-E.2) Income Account, and (Account C-1-E.3) Loss Carry 
forward Account. Each of the mentioned accounts shall be considered together 
with its own sub-accounts if any as a whole.

Section C-1-E.1:        Class (I) Personal Beneficial Unit’s Capital Assets 
Account.
This Capital Assets Account is made to be the depository account of the digital 
assets to be integrated into a Class (I) Personal Beneficial Unit, and such 
Digital Assets will be considered as the deposited property and shall be 
treated as a commodity available to be submitted to different processes not 
limited to collateral support, commercial analysis, trading and monetization.

Capital Asset Account is an inventory management account with especial 
management rules to handle the deposited property, considering the nature and 
characteristics of the assets of a Class (I) Personal Beneficial unit.

There shall be established in respect of each Beneficiary of each Personal 
Beneficial Unit a separate Capital Assets Account in the books and records of 
the Trust in respect of such Class (each a "Capital Assets Account"), to which 
the following provisions shall apply:

Section C-1-E.1.A:         Assets on this Class, when referred to as being 
traded, it shall not mean the purchase and sale of it, but rather the assets 
are licensed for particular, specific or limited uses in exchange of a fee.

Section C-1-E.1.B:         Monetization of digital assets integrated into the 
Units of Class (I) Individual Beneficial Unit Series refer to the use of such 
assets to submit them to such processes as determined by the trustee, with the 
intention of converting the Assets of the Beneficial Unit into legal tender or 
other exploitable or exchangeable benefit, on behalf of the beneficiary.

Section C-1-E.1.C:         Such processes of monetization are referred but not 
limited to, monetizing data services, generating measurable economic benefits 
from available data, generate business opportunities, commercial relationships 
and direct monetizing, under the conditions established by each Beneficiary for 
himself at the Settlement Agreement, Placement Memorandum, or Subscription 
Agreement.

Section C-1-E.1.D:         Direct Monetization.        Digital Assets 
Monetization can occur directly, meaning that the asset is directly engaged in 
a process that shall generate income as a result, for such Beneficial Unit.

Section C-1-E.1.E:         Indirect Monetization.        Digital Assets 
Monetization can occur indirectly, meaning that the asset is engaged in 
processes that will not generate income, but it will generate products with 
exchange value that can be afterwards converted into income.

Section C-1-E.1.F:         Active Monetization:        Digital Assets 
Monetization can occur actively, when the Beneficiary is engaged in taking 
actions on the process that will produce value out of the asset.        

Section C-1-E.1.G:         Passive Monetization. Digital Assets Monetization 
can occur passively, when the Beneficiary does not need to engage in other 
actions than authorizing once, so the unit’s processes can produce value out 
of the asset without need for Beneficiary’s intervention.

Section C-1-E.1.H:         The assets deposited into the Beneficial Units 
Capital Assets Account(s) are submitted to trading as understood in section 
C-1-E.1.A for placement of licenses or particular, specific or limited uses; 
And monetization as the process of conceiving, defining, delivering, monitoring 
and refining data derivative products in, and withdrawing data derivative 
products from, a market in order to maximize business results, using Data to 
obtain quantifiable economic benefit, and without excluding compatible 
definitions set out herein.

Section C-1-E.1.I:         Admissibility of assets into a Beneficial Unit’s 
Account(s) are at the sole discretion of the Trustee, and the Beneficiary 
agrees to provide all necessary assistance to the trust in the processes of 
data cleansing, understood as the process of detecting and correcting (or 
removing) corrupt or inaccurate records from a record set, table, or database 
and refers to identifying incomplete, incorrect, inaccurate or irrelevant parts 
of the data and then replacing, modifying, or deleting such data.

Section C-1-E.1.J:         Assets Admission and treatment of dark data. Assets 
not meeting the admission requirements, at the sole discretion of the Trustee, 
and according to the rules for data quality and other asset management 
regulation of the class, assets integrated into a beneficial unit can be 
rejected or requested to be removed from the unit, by the beneficiary, the 
Trustee, or the adviser in any case, under considerations of identifying any 
data stored during regular business activities, that will fail or have failed 
to be usable for monetization purposes, unless such data is required to be kept 
for business compliance reasons.

Section C-1-E.1.K:         The Beneficiary can appoint a third party provider 
to act as depository, and move the data not meeting the admission criteria to 
such storage service providers, at its own cost.

Section C-1-E.1.L:         Trading Limitations. The Trustee may, in its sole 
and absolute discretion, refuse to accept or execute any order from any 
Beneficiary, including, but not limited to, in the event that CDT believes that 
the acceptance or execution of Beneficiary’s order would be in contravention 
of any rule or law. In addition, CDT may at any time, in its sole and absolute 
discretion, limit the number or types of positions which the Beneficiary may 
maintain or negotiate through CDT, and the Beneficiary agrees not to exceed 
such limits. CDT is under no obligation to effect any transaction for 
Beneficiary’s Account that would create positions in those accounts in excess 
of the limit CDT has set.

Section C-1-E.1.M:         Cost of Integrating and Holding Assets into Capital 
Account.
The Trust will finance by itself or by third party, the cost of managing  the 
data and digital assets that will integrate the account. This cost will have a 
non-divisible part of cost for the infrastructure designed to store  and 
maintain the data, and a possible divisible and individually assignable cost 
for the process of integrating and holding data. The cost of data for each 
Class (I) Personal Beneficial Unit shall result from the sum of a pro-rata 
division of the indivisible part of cost, plus any individually generated cost 
on the acquisition, integration, maintenance and holding of data and 
information.

Section C-1-E.1.N:         Cost Deductions. No Cost generated by the 
acquisition, integration, or monetization of assets can be deducted from the 
Capital Asset Account, and can not be collected from the Beneficiary directly. 
The cost Deduction shall be applied and deducted from the Income Account, under 
conditions described herein. The Beneficiary can not be liable to pay for any 
data acquisition or monetization cost, with funds other than those generated by 
the Beneficial Unit itself on the platform.

Section C-1-E.1.O:         Capital Account Perpetual inventory system. Under 
this system the Inventory of monetizable data account is continuously updated 
after each transaction, including integration, valuation, placement, trading 
and other monetization related process’ transaction. Update is made to the 
valuation of the beneficial unit, as well as to the valuation of the series.

Section C-1-E.1.P:         The Capital Assets Account of each Beneficiary of 
each Class (I) Personal Beneficial Unit Series shall initially be equal to the 
cash and fair market value of the digital assets or any property contributed 
(each, a "Capital Asset Contribution") by such Beneficiary as a subscription 
for the Beneficial Unit of such Class.

Section C-1-E.1.Q:         Capital Account Assets Inventory is increased with 
the value and/or quantity of data integrated by, or otherwise captured from a 
Beneficiary, when using CDCs as the unit to measure the value, and Min.Dat as 
the unit to measure the volume of Digital Assets deposited into the Beneficial 
Unit.

Otherwise, the account is increased by (A) an amount equal to any Capital 
Contribution by such Beneficiary in respect of such Class during such Fiscal 
Period (net of liabilities assumed by such Class in connection with such 
contribution or to which any such property is subject); (B) such Beneficiary's 
assets having been submitted to monetization processes have returned aggregated 
data and other digital assets which are integrated back to the Beneficial Unit.

Section C-1-E.1.R:         Capital Account Assets Inventory is decreased with 
the value and/or quantity of the assets in inventory that has been deemed to be 
dark data or other kind of non-monetizable digital assets. The previously 
assigned average value to such assets shall be decreased from the total value 
of the inventory when performed the disintegration of such assets from the 
Beneficial Unit.

Otherwise, the account is decreased by (A) any withdrawal, restriction or 
elimination of data or information that the Beneficiary has previously 
integrated but later decided not to submit to monetization, or to withdraw such 
asset from monetization processes in respect of such Class during such Fiscal 
Period; (B) the fair market value of any data that has been deemed to be 
depreciated or resulted in any kind of devaluation or invalidation (net of any 
liabilities assumed by the Beneficiary in connection therewith or to which such 
asset is subject); (C) any asset pre-sold with exclusive licenses during such 
Fiscal Period in respect of any advance made by the Trustee in respect of such 
Class to such Beneficiary from time to time in accordance with the provisions 
of this Declaration and not repaid upon demand or converted into a redemption 
or distribution.

Section C-1-E.1.T:         Capital Assets Account Inventory of Class (I) 
Personal Beneficial Unit Series shall not decrease in quantity or value with 
monetization or trading of the assets, due to the fact that the assets can be 
monetized and traded more than once without losing value. The account only 
decreases when as caused by law or contracts, certain assets will not be longer 
monetizable, or they have loose the ability to be monetized due to whatever 
market or information phenomena, including the removal of dark data.

Section C-1-E.1.U:         Under Class (I) Capital Assets Account Inventory, 
the MONETIZATION of data will result in three journal entries: one to record 
the monetization process and the cash or accounts receivable at CDC value; One 
to increase the monetization cost of such Assets adding it to the cost of 
Assets’ Integration and Holding at CDC value; One to reevaluate the inventory 
and to establish the new valuation of such beneficial unit capital asset 
account.

Section C-1-E.1.V:         Under Class (I) Capital Account Assets Inventory, 
the CLEANSING of data will result in three journal entries: one to record the 
process of removal of data from the Beneficial Unit and any resulting 
liability; One to increase the cost of cleansing on such Assets and adding it 
to the accumulated integration and Holding Costs at CDC Value; and One to 
decrease the inventory and to establish the new valuation of such beneficial 
unit capital asset account.

Section C-1-E.1.W:         Capital Account Assets Inventory of Class (I) shall 
have the following sub-accounts: (A) Monetizable Data on Stock at CDC value; 
(B) Integration and Holding of Assets Cost; ( C ) Monetization of Assets Cost; 
(D) Cleansed Data from Stock at CDC value; (E) Cleansing of Assets Cost.

Section C-1-E.1.W.1:        At any given time, deducting the value of account 
(D) from account (A) shall give the new value of Capital Account’s Inventory 
at CDC value, until new valuation applies.

Section C-1-E.1.W.2:        At any given time, the sum of totals values in 
accounts (B) + ( C ) + (E) can be deducted from the CDC value of the Income 
account established in Section C-1-E.2, and such operation shall give the CDC 
value of the Net Accumulated Income of the Beneficial Unit

Section C-1-E.1.W.3:        At any given time, the sum of totals values in 
accounts (B) + ( C ) + (E) can be combined to obtain the CDC value of the Loss 
Carry-Forward Account established in Section C-1-E.2 if calculation applied 
prior to any Distribution, and Deducting from it any advances made by the 
Trustee to the Beneficiary.

Section C-1-E.2:        Class (I) Personal Beneficial Units’ Income Account.
Income Account is a designated account to receive all income generated by 
assets’ monetization on a net basis of a Class (I) Personal Beneficial unit.

Each Beneficial Unit of this Class (I) Personal Beneficial Unit shall have a 
separate Income Account in the books and records of the Trust in respect of 
such Class (each a "Income Account"), to which the following provisions shall 
apply:

Section C-1-E.2.A:         Income account of this Class (I) Personal Beneficial 
Unit, can not receive deposits other than the resulting income generated 
through the assets monetization, and due to specific events not limited to 
monetization and trading on the platform, transfers among accounts of 
beneficial units authorized by the trustee, advances and distributions general 
to the series, or particular to such beneficial unit.

Section C-1-E.2.B:         Income account will increase with the CDC value of 
the deposits made by the trustee as any advance or distribution of income 
resulting from monetization processes corresponding to such beneficial unit’s 
assets held in the Capital Assets Account. No other kind of deposit can be made 
into this account.

Section C-1-E.2.C:        Income account will decrease with the CDC value of 
each deduction made by the trustee as a result of applied cost, taxes 
retention, and withdrawals made by the beneficiary, and with the transfer of 
total or part of the values to another account belonging to such or to other 
beneficial unit.

Section C-1-E.2.D: The amount value of CDC to increase the Income Account when 
distribution is made, is obtained from applying the formula described in 
Section C-1-E.1.V.2. and depositing the results into this Income Account.

Section C-1-E.2.E:        All deductions corresponding to the Beneficial Unit 
shall be made from income account, including but not limited to cost, 
liabilities, withdrawals from beneficiaries, advances, fees, allocations, taxes 
retention, and others. If deductions where to be made, and the CDC value of the 
Income Account is inferior to the CDC value of the deductions, the trustee 
shall deduct form the income account such value as available in the account but 
not below zero, and the remaining value shall be booked to the Loss Carry 
Forward Account set out in Section C-1-E.3

Section C-1-E.3:        Class (I) Personal Beneficial Unit Losses Carry-Forward 
Account
Each Beneficial Unit of this Class (I) Personal Beneficial Unit shall have a 
separate Loss Carry-Forward Account in the books and records of the Trust in 
respect of such Class (each a "Loss Carry-Forward Account"), to which the 
following provisions shall apply:

Section C-1-E.3.A:         All expenses assigned to the acquisition, 
integration, holding, cleansing, and monetization of digital assets, as well as 
any fee, liability, taxes retention, and payments in representation of a 
Beneficial Unit, shall be deducted from the Income Account, and when such 
account of such beneficial unit has non-sufficient value to compensate such 
mentioned expenses, then such expenses value shall be booked on the Losses 
Carry-Forward Account until such expenses can be deducted from the Income 
Account.

Section C-1-E.3.B:         All expenses assigned to the acquisition and 
development of technology and infrastructure for integration, holding, 
cleansing, and monetization of digital assets, as well as any fee, liability, 
taxes retention, and payments in representation of the Trust, which are not 
assignable to one single Beneficial Unit shall be considered a collective 
expense, and by each class, a pro-rata value of the collective expenses shall 
be allocated to the Loss Carry-Forward account of each Beneficial Unit of a 
class.

Section C-1-E.3.C:         Loss Carry-Forward Account of a Beneficial Unit, 
increases with the cost of deductions not possible to collect from the income 
account of such beneficial unit.

Section C-1-E.3.D:         Loss Carry-Forward Account of a Beneficial Unit, 
decreases with the CDC value of debits made from the Income account of such 
beneficial unit.

Section C-1-E.4:        Class (I) Personal Beneficial Unit - Allocations
Subject to the Regulatory Allocations set forth in this declaration according 
to the regulations, Net Profit, Net Loss and items thereof of a Partnership 
Class shall be provisionally allocated as of the end of each Fiscal Period as 
follows:

Section C-1-E.4.1:         Except as otherwise provided in this declaration or 
any supplemental deed, shall be allocated to each Beneficiary in such Class, an 
amount equal to the product of such Beneficiary's Proportionate Interest in 
such Class as of the beginning of such Fiscal Period multiplied by the Net 
Profit or Net Loss (in each case), reduced by the amount of Net Profit, Net 
Loss or items of income, gain, deduction expense or loss allocated pursuant to 
such Class for such Fiscal Period.

Section C-1-E.4.2:        To each Beneficiary to whom should be allocated the 
Net Profit or Net Loss associated with an operation or transaction:

Section C-1-E.4.2.A: which is properly allocable pursuant to the Placement 
Memorandum of such Class to one or more, but not all, Beneficiaries of such 
Class;

Section C-1-E.4.2.B: which is a "new issue" (a "New Issue") for purposes of 
Rule 2790 of the Conduct Rules of the National Association of Securities 
Dealers, Inc. of the United States of America (the "New Issue Rule") but only 
for the Fiscal Period during which such investment is treated as a New Issue; 
and

Section C-1-E.4.2.C: in which one or more other Beneficiary of such Class is 
not to participate for tax, regulatory or any other reason (the criteria for 
such other reason shall be agreed upon by the Adviser, on behalf of the 
Trustee, and any such Beneficiary), the amount of Net Profit or Net Loss (in 
each case, reduced by the items of income or gain allocated pursuant this 
declaration or a supplemental deed that the Adviser, on behalf of the Trustee, 
determines in the Adviser's sole discretion is associated with such investment 
or transaction multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is such 
Beneficiary’s Proportionate Interest in such Class and the denominator of 
which is the sum of the Proportionate Interests of all Beneficiaries in such 
Class with respect to such investment or transaction for such Fiscal Period. 
Beneficiaries on this regime are known as Unrestricted Personal Beneficial 
Owners

Section C-1-E.4.2.D: In the sole discretion of the Adviser on behalf of the 
Trustee, with respect to each investment or transaction described for this 
class, to each Beneficiary that is NOT an Unrestricted Beneficiary for such 
Fiscal Period, items of income or gain in an amount equal to such Beneficiary's 
Proportionate Interest in such Class divided by the sum of the Proportionate 
Interests of all Beneficiaries in such Class who are not Unrestricted 
Beneficiaries with respect to such investment or transaction for such Fiscal 
Period multiplied by (A) the interest that would have accrued during the Fiscal 
Period on the amount of Class assets used to purchase such investment (the 
"Purchase Price") such Beneficiary was not permitted to participate in had such 
Purchase Price earned interest for such Fiscal Period at the interest rate (per 
annum) being paid by such Class during such Fiscal Period or (B) if the Class 
has not borrowed any amounts during such Fiscal Period, at the interest rate 
(per annum) that the Adviser on behalf of the Trustee determines, in the 
Adviser's sole discretion, would have been paid if the Purchase Price had been 
borrowed by the Class during such Fiscal Period.

Section C-1-E.4.2.E: Immediately after the allocations with respect to any 
Beneficiary, unless otherwise provided in the Placement Memorandum for such 
Partnership Class, as of (i) the last Business Day of a fiscal quarter, (ii) 
the date of any interim full or partial redemption of Units by a Beneficiary 
(in which case only with respect to the redeemed Units) or (iii) the date of 
the termination and final liquidation of such Class, there shall be reallocated 
to the Capital Account of the Special Beneficiary and debited from the Capital 
Account of such Beneficiary (other than certain employees and/or affiliates of 
the Special Beneficiary) an aggregate amount equal to the Performance 
Allocation, if any, applicable to such Beneficiary.

Section C-1-E.4.2.F:        The "Performance Allocation" for a Personal 
Beneficial Unit shall be calculated separately for each Beneficial Unit of such 
Class (other than Special Units) and shall equal the percentage(s), as defined 
in the Placement Memorandum for such Class, of the amount, if any, by which (i) 
the Net Profit or items thereof, if any, allocable to a Beneficiary's Capital 
Account maintained in respect of the Unit of such Beneficiary (other than a 
Special Beneficiary) during the Fiscal Period or portion thereof described in 
Clause Section C-1-E.4.2.E (after payment of fees but before the reallocation 
of Performance Allocation) exceeds (ii) the positive balance, if any, in such 
Beneficial Unit's Loss Carryforward Account (other than a Special Beneficial 
Unit) as of the beginning of such time period.

Section C-1-E.4.2.G:         For purposes of calculating the Performance 
Allocation for the Units of each Beneficiary, there shall be established for 
each Beneficiary (other than a Special Beneficial Unit) as of the date of the 
acceptance of the subscription for Beneficial Units to the Class (I) Personal 
Beneficial Unit, a memorandum account which shall be designated a "Loss 
Carryforward Account." The Loss Carryforward Account of each Beneficial Unit 
shall have an initial balance of zero and shall be adjusted as follows: as of 
each date described in Section C-1-E.4.2.E for such Beneficial Unit, the 
balance, if any, of such Beneficiary's Loss Carryforward Account shall be 
increased by the Net Loss and items thereof, if any, allocated to such 
Beneficiary's Capital Account pursuant to Section 4.E.4 with respect to the 
portion of the Fiscal Periods ending on or before such date and shall be 
decreased (but not below zero) by the Net Profit and items thereof, if any, 
allocated to such Beneficiary's Capital Account pursuant to Section C-1-E.4 
with respect to the portion of the Fiscal Periods ending on or before such date.

Section C-1-E.4.2.H:        The Loss Carryforward Account of any Beneficiary 
making a partial redemption of Units will be further adjusted as of the date 
such redemption is effective by decreasing any positive balance of such Loss 
Carryforward Account (but not below zero) by an amount determined by 
multiplying (A) such positive balance by (B) a fraction, of which the numerator 
is equal to the amount redeemed and the denominator is equal to the balance of 
such Beneficiary's Capital Account immediately before giving effect to such 
redemption.

Section C-1-E.4.2.I:        Before any distribution of property (other than 
cash) from a Class (I) Personal Beneficial Unit Series to a Beneficiary of such 
Class (including without limitation, any non-cash asset which shall be deemed 
distributed immediately prior to the dissolution and winding up of such Class 
or a complete redemption of a Series of such Class), the Capital Accounts of 
all Beneficiaries of such Class shall be adjusted to reflect the manner in 
which any unrealized income, gain, loss or deduction inherent in such property 
(that has not been previously reflected in the Beneficiary's Capital Accounts) 
would be allocated among the Beneficiaries if there were a taxable disposition 
of such property by such Class on the date of distribution.

Section C-1-E.4.2.J:        In determining the amount of any liability for 
purposes of Capital Accounts hereof, there shall be taken into account Section 
752 of the Code and any other applicable provisions of the Code and any 
Regulations promulgated thereunder, understanding the assets on the Capital 
Account as “Assets other than cash and financial assets”.

Section C-1-E.4.2.k:         For each Class (I) Personal Beneficial Unit, the 
Beneficiary's Capital Accounts may, as determined by the Adviser on behalf of 
the Trustee, in the Adviser's sole discretion, be adjusted in accordance with, 
and upon the occurrence of one or more events not limited to the described in, 
Section 1.704 1(b)(2)(iv)(f) of the Regulations, including but not limited to 
the addition of new Beneficiaries or additional investments pursuant to the 
Issuance of Beneficial Units hereof, to reflect a revaluation of the Deposited 
Property of the Class. Such adjustments to the Beneficiary's Capital Accounts, 
if made, shall be made in accordance with Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(g) of the 
Regulations for allocations of depreciation, depletion, amortization and gain 
or loss with respect to such revalued property, adjusted to the nature of the 
non-liquid assets taken into account.

Section C-1-E.4.2.L:        This Section, and subsequent items are intended to 
comply with Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv) of the Regulations and shall be 
interpreted and applied in a manner consistent with such Regulations, but 
considering the nature of the assets taken into account for the settlement of 
Class I - Personal Beneficial Units Series.-

Section C-1-E.4.3:                Distributions.

Section C-1-E.4.3.A:        Subject to Section C-1-E.4.3.D, on any Distribution 
Payment Date the Trustee may distribute, in cash or in kind, at the discretion 
of the Trustee in consultation with the Adviser, to each Beneficiary of a Class 
(I) Personal Beneficial Unit Series in respect of each Unit of such Class for 
which a relevant Placement Memorandum provides for distributions to be made and 
which Unit is registered in such Beneficiary's name at the opening of business 
on the applicable Distribution Record Date, an amount equal to all or a portion 
of the Net Asset Value per Unit for the relevant Distribution Period or such 
other amount as described in the Placement Memorandum as may be declared by the 
Trustee from time to time, which distribution will be distributed, in cash or 
in kind, At the discretion of the Trustee after consultation with the Adviser, 
to the Beneficiary or, upon distribution and at the discretion of the Trustee 
after consultation with the Adviser, be automatically reinvested in a suitable 
Class on the same Business Day at the same Net Asset Value or as soon as 
possible thereafter on a fair market value.

Section C-1-E.4.3.B:        The amounts so distributed to Beneficiaries of a 
Class (I) Personal Beneficial Unit Series will be deemed to have been paid 
first from the cumulative Net Profit of the relevant Class (after provision for 
the expenses of such Class to be charged thereto) and, if and to the extent 
that the amounts so distributed exceed the Net Profit of such Class, the 
balance thereof will be deemed to be booked into the Loss Carry-Forward account 
to be collected from future monetization of the Deposited Property of such 
Class, or from deposits made into the Income Account by any reason as approved 
by the trustee, including without limitation to the transference and/or 
conversion of assets.

Section C-1-E.4.3.C:        Any distributions to Beneficiaries of a Class (I) 
Personal Beneficial Units made pursuant to the provisions of this Clause shall 
be made to those Beneficiaries of such Class whose names appear on the Register 
as the holders of Units of such Class at the opening of business on the 
relevant Distribution Record Date and shall be made ratably in accordance with 
the Capital Accounts of such Class then held by them.

Section C-1-E.4.3.D:        Notwithstanding Section C-1-E.4.3.A, the Trustee 
after consultation with the Adviser may, if it determines that it would be in 
the best interests of the Beneficiaries of any Class, vary the amount, timing 
and frequency of distributions to Beneficiaries.

Section C-1-E.4.4:                Tax Allocations.
As of the end of each Fiscal Year, income, expense, deduction, gain or loss of 
each Class (I) Personal Beneficial Unit, all as determined for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes, shall be allocated, solely for tax purposes, among the 
Beneficiaries of such Class as provided below, except to the extent that the 
supplemental deed or Placement Memorandum of such Class provides for a 
different method, and giving effect to Sections 704(b) and (c) of the Code and 
the Regulations thereunder and Section 706(c)(1) of the Code, all as determined 
in the sole discretion of the Adviser on behalf of the Trustee.

Section C-1-E.4.4.A:        Items of ordinary income (such as interest income) 
and expense (such as advisory fees and brokerage fees) shall be allocated in a 
manner consistent with the economic allocations described in Section C-1-E.1.

Section C-1-E.4.4.B:        Items of recognized gain or loss from, shall be 
allocated as follows:

Section C-1-E.4.4.B.1:        There shall be established a tax basis account 
with respect to each Beneficiary's interest in such Personal Beneficial Unit 
Series. The initial balance of each tax basis account shall be the amount at 
CDC value of contributed capital for such assets. As of the end of each Fiscal 
Year:

Section C-1-E.4.4.B.1.A:        Each tax basis account shall be increased by 
the amount of (A) any additional Capital Contributions at CDC value made with 
respect to such Beneficiary's Beneficial Unit of such Class and (B) any taxable 
income or gain allocated to such Beneficial Unit pursuant to this Section 
C-1-E.4.4;

Section C-1-E.4.4.B.1.B:        Each tax basis account shall be decreased by 
the amount of (A) taxable expense, deduction or loss allocated to such 
Beneficiary pursuant to this Section C-1-E.4.4 and (B) any distribution 
received by such Beneficiary with respect to its Units of such Class other than 
a redemption;

Section C-1-E.4.4.B.1.C:         When any Units are redeemed, the tax basis 
account attributable to such redeemed Units shall be eliminated; and

Section C-1-E.4.4.B.1.D: To the extent a valid election pursuant to Section 754 
of the Code has been made, each tax basis account shall be increased or 
decreased, where appropriate, to reflect any adjustments to the tax basis of 
the Deposited Property pursuant to Sections 734 or 743 of the Code.

Section C-1-E.4.4.B.2:        Immediately prior to any redemption, items of 
gain shall be allocated first to each Beneficiary who has redeemed all or any 
part of its Units during the Fiscal Year up to any excess of (x) the amount 
received over (y) an amount equal to the product of (A) the Beneficiary's tax 
basis account and (B) the Redemption Percentage. If the aggregate amount of 
gain to be so allocated to all Beneficiaries who have redeemed Units of the 
Class during a Fiscal Year is less than the excess of all such amounts received 
upon redemption over all such tax basis accounts, the entire amount of gain for 
such Fiscal Year shall be allocated among all such Beneficiaries in the ratio 
that each such Beneficiary's allocable share of such excess bears to the 
aggregate excess of all such Beneficiaries who redeemed Units of the Class 
during such Fiscal Year. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, in no 
event shall any Beneficiary be allocated items of gain in excess of the maximum 
amount permitted under Section 706(d) of the Code.

Section C-1-E.4.4.B.3:        Items of gain of such Class remaining after the 
allocation in Section 4.E.4.4.B.2 above shall be allocated among all 
Beneficiaries of such Class whose Capital Accounts are in excess of their tax 
basis accounts (after the adjustments in Section C-1-E.4.4.B.2) in accordance 
with allocations made pursuant to Section C-1-E.4.2 in the ratio that each such 
Beneficiary's allocable share of such excess bears to all such Beneficiary's 
excesses. If the aggregate amount of gain to be so allocated is greater than 
the excess of all such Beneficiary's Capital Accounts over all such tax basis 
accounts, the excess amount of gain shall be allocated among all Beneficiaries 
in the ratio that each Beneficiary's Capital Account bears to all 
Beneficiaries' Capital Accounts.

Section C-1-E.4.4.B.4:        Immediately prior to any redemption, items of 
loss shall be allocated first to each Beneficiary who has redeemed all or any 
part of its interest during the Fiscal Year up to any excess of (x) an amount 
equal to the product of (A) the Beneficiary's tax basis account and (B) the 
Redemption Percentage over (y) the amount received upon such redemption. If the 
aggregate amount of loss to be so allocated to all Beneficiaries who have 
redeemed Units of the Class during a Fiscal Year is less than the excess of all 
such tax basis accounts over all such amounts received upon redemption, the 
entire amount of loss for such Fiscal Year shall be allocated among all such 
Beneficiaries in the ratio that each such Beneficiary's excess bears to the 
aggregate excess of all such Beneficiaries who redeemed Units of the Class 
during such Fiscal Year. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, in no 
event shall any Beneficiary be allocated items of loss in excess of the maximum 
amount permitted under section 706(d) of the Code.

Section C-1-E.4.4.B.5:        Items of loss remaining after the allocation in 
Section C-1-E.4.4.B.4 above shall be allocated among the Beneficiaries whose 
tax basis accounts are in excess of their Capital Accounts (after the 
adjustments) in the ratio that each such Beneficiary's allocable share of such 
excess bears to all such Beneficiaries' excesses. If the aggregate amount of 
loss to be so allocated is greater than the excess of all such tax basis 
accounts over all such Beneficiaries' Capital Accounts, the excess amount of 
loss shall be allocated among all Beneficiaries in the ratio that each 
Beneficiary's Capital Account bears to all Beneficiaries' Capital Accounts of 
such Partnership Class.

Section C-1-E.4.4.B.6:        Any gain or loss required to be taken into 
account in accordance with Sections 475, 1256 or 1259 of the Code shall be 
considered gain or loss for purposes of Section C-1-E.4.4.B.

Section C-1-E.4.4.C:        The allocation of profit and loss for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes set forth herein is intended for each Class (I) to allocate 
taxable profit and loss so as to eliminate, to the extent possible, any 
disparity between a Beneficiary's Capital Account and its tax basis account, 
consistent with principles set forth in Section 704(c) of the Code. In 
addition, for purposes of this Clause 3, to the extent a Beneficiary 
contributes to the Deposited Property, property with a fair market value that 
differs from the adjusted tax basis of such property, income, gain, loss and 
deduction with respect to such property shall be allocated among the tax basis 
accounts of Beneficiaries so as to take account of the variation between the 
adjusted tax basis and fair market value of such property, consistent with 
Section 704(c) of the Code and applicable Regulations.

Section C-1-E.4.5:         Transfer of or Change in Interests. The Adviser on 
behalf of the Trustee may use any convention or combination of conventions that 
it believes is reasonable for U.S. federal income tax purposes regarding the 
allocation of items of income, gain, loss, deduction and expense with respect 
to transferred Units and redeemed Units in a such Class. A transferee who takes 
all or part of a Beneficiary's Units in a Partnership Class shall succeed to 
the Capital Account maintained in respect of the transferor Beneficiary to the 
extent of such transfer.

Section C-1-E.4.6:         Regulatory Allocations.

Section C-1-E.4.6.A:         The allocations of profit and loss to the tax 
basis accounts of Beneficiaries in respect of the Beneficial Units in a Class 
(I) Personal Beneficial Unit shall not exceed the allocations permitted under 
Subchapter K of the Code as determined by the Adviser on behalf of the Trustee, 
in the Adviser's sole discretion, whose determination shall be binding on the 
Beneficiary.

Section C-1-E.4.6.B:        Notwithstanding any other provision in this Section 
(C-1-E) to the contrary, the following special allocations shall be made to the 
Capital Accounts of the Beneficiaries of each Class (I) Personal Beneficial 
Unit, in the following order:

Section C-1-E.4.6.B.1:        Class’ Minimum Gain Chargeback. Notwithstanding 
any other provision of this Section (C-1-E) and except as otherwise provided in 
Section 1.704 2(f) of the Regulations, if there is a net decrease in Class 
(I)’s Minimum Gain during any Fiscal Year, each Beneficiary's Capital Account 
shall be specially allocated items of Class income and gain for such Fiscal 
Year (and, if necessary, subsequent Fiscal Years) in an amount equal to such 
Beneficiary's share of the net decrease in the Class Minimum Gain, determined 
in accordance with Section 1.704 2(g) of the Regulations. Allocations pursuant 
to the previous sentence shall be made in proportion to the respective amounts 
required to be allocated to the Accounts of the Beneficiaries pursuant thereto. 
The items to be so allocated shall be determined in accordance with Sections 
1.704 2(f) and 1.704 2(j)(2)(i) of the Regulations. This Section C-1-E.4.6.B.1 
is intended to comply with the minimum gain chargeback requirement in Section 
1.704 2(f) of the Regulations and shall be interpreted consistently therewith.

Section C-1-E.4.6.B.2:        Class (I) Partner’s Minimum Gain Chargeback. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Section 4.E and except as otherwise 
provided in Section 1.704 2(i)(4) of the Regulations, if there is a net 
decrease in Partner Nonrecourse Debt Minimum Gain attributable to a Partner 
Nonrecourse Debt during any Fiscal Year, each Beneficiary who has a share of 
the Partner Nonrecourse Debt Minimum Gain attributable to such Partner 
Nonrecourse Debt, determined in accordance with Section 1.704 2(i)(5) of the 
Regulations, shall be specially allocated items of Class income and gain for 
such Fiscal Year (and, if necessary, subsequent Fiscal Years) in an amount 
equal to such Beneficiary's share of the net decrease in Partner Nonrecourse 
Debt Minimum Gain attributable to such Partner Nonrecourse Debt, determined in 
accordance with Section 1.704 2(i)(4) of the Regulations. Allocations pursuant 
to the previous sentence shall be made in proportion to the respective amounts 
required to be allocated to each Beneficiary's Capital Account pursuant 
thereto. The items to be so allocated shall be determined in accordance with 
Sections 1.704 2(i)(4) and 1.704-2(j)(2) of the Regulations. This Section 
C-1-E.4.6.B.2: is intended to comply with the minimum gain chargeback 
requirement in Section 1.704 2(i)(4) of the Regulations and shall be 
interpreted consistently therewith.

Section C-1-E.4.6.B.3:        Qualified Income Offset. In the event any 
Beneficiary unexpectedly receives any adjustments, allocations or distributions 
described in Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d)(4), (5) or (6) of the Regulations 
with respect to such Beneficiary's Capital Account, items of Class income and 
gain shall be specifically allocated to the Income Account maintained in 
respect of each such Beneficiary in an amount and manner sufficient to 
eliminate, to the extent required by the Regulations, the Adjusted Account 
Deficit of such Beneficiary as quickly as possible provided that an allocation 
pursuant to this Section C-1-E.4.6.B.3 shall be made only if and to the extent 
that such Beneficiary would have an Adjusted Capital Account Deficit after all 
other allocations provided for in this Section (C-1-E) have been tentatively 
made as if this Section C-1-E.4.6.B.3 were not in this Declaration. This 
Section C-1-E.4.6.B.3 is intended to constitute a "qualified income offset" 
within the meaning of Section 1.704 1(b)(2)(ii)(d) of the Regulations and 
should be interpreted consistently therewith.

Section C-1-E.4.6.B.4:         Nonrecourse Deductions. Any Nonrecourse 
Deductions for any Fiscal Year or other period shall be allocated to the Income 
Accounts of the Beneficiaries in accordance with their respective Capital 
Accounts.

Section C-1-E.4.6.B.5:        Class (I) Partner Nonrecourse Deductions. Any 
Partner Nonrecourse Deductions for any Fiscal Year shall be specially allocated 
to the Capital Account of the Beneficiary who bears the economic risk of loss 
with respect to the Partner Nonrecourse Debt to which such Partner Nonrecourse 
Deductions are attributable in accordance with Section 1.704 2(i)(1) of the 
Regulations.

Section C-1-E.4.6.B.6:        Gross Income Allocation. In the event any 
Beneficiary has an Adjusted Account Deficit, items of Class income and gain 
shall be specially allocated to the Capital Account of such Beneficiary in an 
amount and manner sufficient to eliminate such Beneficiary's Adjusted Capital 
Account Deficit as quickly as possible; provided that an allocation pursuant to 
this Section C-1-E.4.6.B.6: shall be made only if and to the extent that such 
Beneficiary's Capital Account would have an Adjusted Capital Account Deficit 
after all other allocations provided for in this Section C-1-E (other than 
Section C-1-E.4.6.B.3) have been tentatively made as if this Section 
C-1-E.4.6.B.6 were not in this Declaration.

Section C-1-E.4.6.B.7:        Limitation of Net Losses. If any allocation of 
Net Loss for any Fiscal Period would create an Adjusted Capital Account Deficit 
with respect to a Beneficiary (or would increase the amount of any such 
deficit), then the relevant amount shall be allocated to the Capital Accounts 
of those Beneficiaries that have positive Capital Account balances in 
proportion to the respective amounts of such positive balances until all such 
positive balances have been reduced to zero.

Section C-1-E.4.6.B.8:        Curative Allocations. The allocations set forth 
in Section C-1-E.4.6 (the "Regulatory Allocations") are intended to comply with 
certain requirements of Section 704 of the Code and applicable Regulations, or 
even when not applicable due to lack of regulation, this declaration attempts 
to use them as a standard. Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Clause 
(other than the Regulatory Allocations), the Regulatory Allocations shall be 
taken into account in allocating other Class items of income, gain, loss, 
deduction and expenses among the Capital Accounts of Beneficiaries in such 
Classes so that, to the extent possible, the net amount of such allocations of 
other profits, losses and other Class items and the Regulatory Allocations to 
each Beneficiary's Capital Account shall be equal to the net amount that would 
have been allocated to each such Beneficiary's Capital Account if the 
Regulatory Allocations had not been made.

Section C-1-E.4.7: U.S. Partnership Tax Treatment. It is the intent of the 
Trustee that each Class that the Trustee elects to be a Class (I) Personal 
Beneficial Unit will be governed by the applicable provisions of Subchapter K, 
of Chapter 1, of the Code. So to each beneficial unit be treated as a 
partnership where the beneficiary provides the assets that will be monetized by 
the trust, and the trust provides the means for monetization as understood 
under the terms of this declaration. The Trustee may file such forms and make 
elections as the Trustee deems appropriate to effect such intent.

Section C-1-E.4.8: Dissolution and Liquidation. In the event of the dissolution 
and winding-up of a Class (I) Personal Beneficial Unit for any reason or a 
termination of the Trust pursuant to what is set out in the Master Declaration 
of Trust, after the payment of or provision for creditors and other applicable 
law, the respective Partnership Class's Deposited Property shall be distributed 
among its Beneficiaries in accordance with their respective positive Capital 
Account balances, in accordance with Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(b)(2) of the 
Regulations. Digital Assets shall be returned in full, and no copy or other 
record except for public information shall be kept.

Section C-1-E.4.9: Adjustment of Basis of Units. Pursuant to Section 1.704 
1(b)(2)(iv)(m) of the Regulations, to the extent an adjustment to the adjusted 
tax basis of any Class (I) asset under Sections 734(b) or 743(b) of the Code is 
required to be taken into account in determining Capital Accounts, the amount 
of such adjustment to the Capital Accounts shall be treated as an item of gain 
(if the adjustment increases the basis of the asset) or loss (if the adjustment 
decreases such basis) and such gain or loss shall be specially allocated to the 
Capital Accounts of the Beneficiaries in such Class in a manner consistent with 
the manner in which their Capital Accounts are required to be adjusted pursuant 
to such section of the Regulations.

Section C-1-E.4.10: No Deficit Makeup. Notwithstanding anything herein to the 
contrary, upon the liquidation of a Class (I), no Beneficiary shall be required 
to make any contribution to such Class in respect of any deficit in such 
Beneficiary's Capital Account.

Section C-1-E.4.10: Determination of Certain Matters. Notwithstanding 
dispositions herein or in the Master Declaration of Trust, or the relevant 
subdeeds, for each Partnership Class all matters concerning the computation of 
Capital Accounts and tax basis accounts, the allocation of Net Profit (and 
items thereof) and Net Loss (and items thereof), the allocation of items of 
income, gain, loss, deduction and expense for tax purposes, the adoption or 
modification of any accounting procedures, including reserves for expenses and 
contingencies, any adjustments to the books and records of a Partnership Class 
and all matters related to liquidation and dissolution of a Partnership Class 
or a Series of such Class shall be determined by the Adviser on behalf of the 
Trustee, in Adviser's sole discretion. Such determination shall be final and 
conclusive as to all Beneficiaries and be in accordance with the Code and 
Regulations. Notwithstanding anything expressed or implied to the contrary in 
this Declaration, in the event the Adviser on behalf of the Trustee shall 
determine, in the Adviser's sole discretion, that it is prudent to modify the 
manner in which the Capital Accounts and tax basis accounts, or any debits or 
credits thereto, are computed in order to effectuate the intended economic 
sharing arrangement of the Beneficiaries of a Class (I) partnership, the 
Adviser on behalf of the Trustee may make such modification, in accordance with 
the Code and Regulations. Allocations of Net Profit and Net Loss to a 
Beneficiary's Capital Account shall be made for each Fiscal Period as soon as 
practicable thereafter.

Section C-1-E.4.11: Tax Returns; Tax Matters Partner.

Section C-1-E.4.11.A: Filing of Tax Returns. For each Partnership Class, the 
Adviser on behalf of the Trustee shall prepare and file, or cause the 
accountants of the Class to prepare and file, as the Adviser on behalf of the 
Trustee determines to be appropriate, in the Adviser's sole discretion, a U.S. 
federal information tax return in compliance with Section 6031 of the Code and 
any required U.S. state, local and non-U.S. income tax and information returns 
for each tax year.

Section C-1-E.4.11.B: Tax Matters Partner. The Special Beneficiary or such 
other qualified person, as the Special Beneficiary may designate, shall be 
designated as the tax matters partner of each Partnership Class (the "Tax 
Matters Partner") as provided in Section 6231(a)(7) of the Code. Each Person 
(for purposes of this Section C-1-E.4.11.B, called a "Pass Thru Partner") that 
holds or controls a Unit on behalf of, or for the benefit of another person or 
persons, or which Pass Thru Partner is beneficially owned (directly or 
indirectly) by another person or persons shall, within 30 days following 
receipt from the Tax Matters Partner of a notice or document, convey such 
notice or other document in writing to all holders of Units of the Class 
holding such interest through such Pass Thru Partner. In the event a 
Partnership Class shall be the subject of an income tax audit by any U.S. 
federal, state or local authority, to the extent such Class is treated as an 
entity for purposes of such audit, including administrative settlement and 
judicial review, the Tax Matters Partner is authorized to act for, and its 
decision shall be final and binding upon, such Class and each Beneficiary 
thereof. All expenses incurred in connection with any such audit, 
investigation, settlement or review shall be borne by the Beneficiaries of such 
Class.

[CDT - CLASS I - CONSTITUTION OF PERSONAL BENEFICIAL UNITS SERIES CHAPTER ENDS HERE]
